Code for Python, Flask server.
Add route “/” with GET method and return index.html
Add route “/jpgtopng” with GET method and return jpgtopng.html
Add route “/pngtojpg” with GET method and return pngtojpg.html
Add route “/webptopng” with GET method and return webptopng.html
Add route “/bmptopng” with GET method and return bmptopng.html
Add route “/pngtopdf” with GET method and return pngtopdf.html



Code for index.html file. Create a div and add these 5 links as list in it with href= appropiate route from our flask server.
JPG to PNG converter
PNG to JPG converter
WEBP to PNG converter
BMP to PNG converter
PNG to PDF converter



Code for jpgtopng.html file.
Display input form, so user can select image from their computer. Also add a “Convert to PNG” button.
onclick button, check if image is selected and image is jpg format and less than 5 MB
If true then send POST request to route “/api/jpgtopng” with image as parameter.
else show relevant error like select a image or image is not jpeg format


Code for pngtojpg.html file.
Display input form, so user can select image from their computer. Also add a “Convert to JPG” button.
onclick button, check if image is selected and image is png format and less than 5 MB
If true then send POST request to route “/api/pngtojpg” with image as parameter.
else show relevant error like select a image or image is not png format


Code for pngtopdf.html file.
Display input form, so user can select image from their computer. Also add a “Convert to PDF” button.
onclick button, check if image is selected and image is png format and less than 5 MB
If true then send POST request to route “/api/pngtopdf” with image as parameter.
else show relevant error like select a image or image is not png format



Code for bmptopng.html file.
Display input form, so user can select image from their computer. Also add a “Convert to PNG” button.
onclick button, check if image is selected and image is bmp format and less than 5 MB
If true then send POST request to route “/api/bmptopng” with image as parameter.
else show relevant error like select a image or image is not bmp format


Code for webptopng.html file.
Display input form, so user can select image from their computer. Also add a “Convert to PNG” button.
onclick button, check if image is selected and image is webp format and less than 5 MB
If true then send POST request to route “/api/webptopng” with image as parameter.
else show relevant error like select a image or image is not webp format


for flask server, create a route "/api/jpgtopng" with POST method.
take the image from parameter and convert into PNG. make response
object with image as attachment and return it.


for flask server, create a route "/api/pngtojpg" with POST method.
convert png image from parameter into JPG format
dont save the image on server. just return JPG image as downloadable attachment.


for flask server, create a route "/api/webptopng" with POST method.
convert webp image from parameter into PNG format
dont save the image on server. just return png image as downloadable
attachment.


for flask server, create a route "/api/bmptopng" with POST method.
convert bmp image from parameter into PNG format
dont save the image on server. just return png image as downloadable attachment.


for flask server, create a route "/api/pngtopdf" with POST method.
convert png image from parameter into PDF format
dont save the pdf on server. just return PDF file as downloadable attachment.